Add a README to the generated-sql branch (#1910)
mozilla/bigquery-etl: README.md

# Generated SQL

This `generated-sql` branch is based on the `sql` directory of the 
[default branch](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl),
but includes additional programmatically generated content, including:

> - Views on top of stable ping tables
> - Derived tables giving daily aggregations on top of Glean `baseline` pings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Views on top of stable ping tables
- Derived tables giving daily aggregations on top of Glean `baseline` pings
- `metadata.yaml` file that include more information about the views, including referenced tables
```

> Currently, this branch is used only as the basis for generating 
> [documentation on user-facing views](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozdata/introduction/),
> but it may evolve into an artifact used for deployment and management of
> derived tables in BigQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this branch is used as the basis for generating 
[documentation on user-facing views](https://mozilla.github.io/bigquery-etl/mozdata/introduction/),
and for retrieving table references during [LookML generation](https://github.com/mozilla/lookml-generator/blob/main/generator/namespaces.py#L37).
It may evolve into an artifact used for deployment and management of
derived tables in BigQuery.
```
